
    -----------------
   | PCE Version 0.3 |
    -----------------


1. Preliminary note
2. New in this version
3. Known bugs and issues
4. Hints

1. Preliminary note

 - This release brings file sessions a better search dialog, contexmenus in the 
  statusbar and some fixes.

 - Last stable Version was 0.2, and next mighty be 0.4.

 - 0.3 never was planned as stable, we wanted brind 0.3 as next stable but
   we think that would last tool long and the current release is at least as stable
   as 0.2.

 - Some people are afraid of this low figures, and think that v0.3 means very 
   early, crappy or unpolished software. This is far from truth, 
   the version number only says something about how far we're from our main 
   goal (1.0) wich is a very high, and reaches up to levels where jedit and 
   kommodo lives.


2. New in this version

 - Sessions
    The names and properties of all currently opened files (called session),
    can now be saved in a restoreable session file. (Menu: File > Session)
    The editor also understands the SciTE session file format, which holds only
    filenames and cursorposition.

 - Coding support
   _Autoindent: New lines are automaticaly indented like the previous line.
   _Bracelight: Belonging brackets are highlighted in chosen color if caret 
    comes near to them.
   _Badlight: Brackets without associated counterpart are highlighted in a 
    warning color.
   _Braceindent: If you press enter after an opening brace, the next new line is
    indented and the closing brace appears in the next line unindented.
   _Bracededent: If you press enter after an closing brace, the next new line is
    dedented and duplicated closing braces, created by braceindent will be 
    deleted.
   _Linenumbermargin has always enough width.
   
 - Search and replace dialog
    Find in files and selection is now possible. Also the searchpad in the dialog
    can work in all opened files. The input fields for search and replace
    remember now there history.

 - Tabbar
   _Unsaved files have in the tab a "*" after the name and writeprotected a "#". 
   _Middle click can close the file (only current file). 
   _Left click on the current tab switches back to the last used file, the keys:
    Strg+Enter does the same and the menu item in "Document > Navigate".
   _Files can be dragged from the explorer and other programs and dropped into
    the tabbar to open them instantly.

 - Statusbar
   _The statusbar was rearranged to give messages more space and to display
    caret position under the linenumbers which makes a little more sense.
   _All file properties which are displayed via statusbar can now be changed here
    with a mouse click. Left and right mouse clicks may perform different tasks,
    when it makes sense.
   _Left mouce clicks on the message field (the rightmost of statusbar) calls 
    informations about the current file like size and time of last change.

 - Close
    All not saved files will be listed in a dialog before closing, so you can 
    select which to save, save all, none or cancel. If you change settings, 
    the editor saves or not without a question.


3. Known bugs and issues

 - Menu
   The menu has no checkboxes and disabled functions are not shaded.
   This features will be added in a 0.3.5 version when we kicked out Wx::XRC.

 - Drag 'n Drop
   The DND behaviour depends on the program which the text comes from or is
   dragged in. If you want to prevent that the text you are dragging leaves the
   editor, you can press Ctrl while you are moving it.


4. Hints

   To understand the config file, it is helpfull to read the 
   "pce/config/DND/default.conf" cause this file is commented and explains the
   settings.

   Try selection move in the edit menu.